Alerting docs: Update `Alert rules` intro and `Introduction` pages (#84772)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/fundamentals/alert-rules/_index.md

# Alert rules

An alert rule is a set of evaluation criteria for when an alert rule should fire. An alert rule consists of:

> - queries and expressions that select the data set to evaluate.
> - conditions (the threshold) that the query must meet or exceed to trigger the alert instance.
> - an interval that specifies the frequency of [alert rule evaluation][alert-rule-evaluation] and a duration indicating how long the condition must be met to trigger the alert instance.
> - other options like the behavior in the absence of data, notification messages, and more.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Queries and expressions that select the data set to evaluate.
- A condition (the threshold) that the query must meet or exceed to trigger the alert instance.
- An interval that specifies the frequency of [alert rule evaluation][alert-rule-evaluation] and a duration indicating how long the condition must be met to trigger the alert instance.
- Other customizable options, for example, setting what should happen in the absence of data, notification messages, and more.

```

> Grafana supports two different alert rule types: Grafana-managed alert rules and Data source-managed alert rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana supports two different alert rule types: Grafana-managed alert rules and data source-managed alert rules.
```
